Docs: Create your component section (#210)
inveniosoftware/react-searchkit: docs/docs/components/react_search_kit.md

- **appName** `string` _optional_

>   A name identifier to distinguish uniquely the application. Useful if multiple ReactSearchKit apps are loaded in the same page, if overriding components the overridable-id will be prefixed by this appName. Default ``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An name to uniquely identify the application. Useful when enabling the `event listener` (read below) and when multiple ReactSearchKit apps are loaded in the same page. The `overridable-id` of each component will be prefixed by this `appName`. Default is empty string (no namespacing).
```
